{\rtf \tx624 \li624 \fi-624 \sl240 \slmult1 \sa240 [1] \tab {\i{}Clang Compiler User\uc0\u8217{}s Manual \uc0\u8212{} Clang 17.0.0git documentation} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://clang.llvm.org/docs/UsersManual.html
\
[2] \tab {\i{}Code Time Data: Ranking the Top 5 Code Editors in 2019 - /src/ blog} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.software.com/src/ranking-the-top-5-code-editors-2019
\
[3] \tab HENNESSY, John L., David A. PATTERSON a Andrea C. ARPACI-DUSSEAU. {\i{}Computer architecture: a quantitative approach}. 4th ed. Amsterdam\uc0\u8239{}; Boston: Morgan Kaufmann, 2007. ISBN\uc0\u160{}978-0-12-370490-0.
 \
[4] \tab BRYANT, Randal E. a David R. O\uc0\u8217{}HALLARON. {\i{}Computer systems: a programmer\uc0\u8217{}s perspective}. Third edition. Boston: Pearson, 2016. ISBN\uc0\u160{}978-0-13-409266-9.
 \
[5] \tab {\i{}CppCon 2014: Mike Acton \uc0\u8222{}Data-Oriented Design and C++"} [online]. 2014 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rX0ItVEVjHc
\
[6] \tab {\i{}CPU Cache Effects - Sergey Slotin - Meeting C++ 2022} [online]. 2022 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQWuX_KgH00
\
[7] \tab {\i{}Data-Oriented Design (Or Why You Might Be Shooting Yourself in The Foot With OOP) \uc0\u8211{} Games from Within} [online]. 4.\uc0\u160{}prosinec\uc0\u160{}2009 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://gamesfromwithin.com/data-oriented-design
\
[8] \tab FABIAN, Richard. {\i{}Data-oriented design: software engineering for limited resources and short schedules}. Place of publication not identified: Richard Fabian, 2018. ISBN\uc0\u160{}978-1-916478-70-1.
 \
[9] \tab NESTERUK, Dmitri. {\i{}Design patterns in modern C++: reusable approaches for object-oriented software design}. New York, NY: Springer Science+Business Media, 2018. ISBN\uc0\u160{}978-1-4842-3602-4.
 \
[10] \tab {\i{}Documentation for Visual Studio Code} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://code.visualstudio.com/docs
\
[11] \tab {\i{}Examples | CMake} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://cmake.org/examples/
\
[12] \tab Intel\uc0\u174{} Intrinsics Guide. {\i{}Intel} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/docs/intrinsics-guide/index.html
\
[13] \tab Intel\uc0\u174{} VTune\super TM\nosupersub{} Profiler. {\i{}Intel} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/vtune-help/top.html
\
[14] \tab Intel\uc0\u174{} VTune\super TM\nosupersub{} Profiler Performance Analysis Cookbook. {\i{}Intel} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/develop/documentation/vtune-cookbook/top.html
\
[15] \tab {\i{}Lecture 25: Prefetching - Carnegie Mellon - Computer Architecture 2015 - Onur Mutlu} [online]. 2015 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibPL7T9iEwY
\
[16] \tab {\i{}Lecture 26. More Prefetching and Emerging Memory Technologies - CMU - Comp. Arch. 2015 - Onur Mutlu} [online]. 2015 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TUFins4z6o4
\
[17] \tab KUSSWURM, Daniel. {\i{}Modern x86 assembly language programming: 32-bit, 64-bit, SSE, and AVX}. New York, NY: Apress, 2014. The expert\uc0\u8217{}s voice in programming. ISBN\uc0\u160{}978-1-4842-0065-0.
 \
[18] \tab TYLERMSFT. {\i{}MSVC Compiler Options} [online]. 3.\uc0\u160{}srpen\uc0\u160{}2021 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/build/reference/compiler-options
\
[19] \tab {\i{}Object-oriented programming - Learn web development | MDN} [online]. 24.\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u250{}nor\uc0\u160{}2023 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Objects/Object-oriented_programming
\
[20] \tab TAUDUL. {\i{}OpenACC Programming and Best Practices Guide} [online]. 2022 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-02-06]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.openacc.org/sites/default/files/inline-files/openacc-guide.pdf
\
[21] \tab {\i{}Overview | CMake} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://cmake.org/overview/
\
[22] \tab ANANDMEG. {\i{}Overview of Visual Studio} [online]. 10.\uc0\u160{}b\uc0\u345{}ezen\uc0\u160{}2023 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/get-started/visual-studio-ide
\
[23] \tab Performance Implications of False Sharing. {\i{}CoffeeBeforeArch.github.io} [online]. 28.\uc0\u160{}prosinec\uc0\u160{}2019 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-17]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://coffeebeforearch.github.io/2019/12/28/false-sharing-tutorial.html
\
[24] \tab {\i{}The Basics of Profiling - Mathieu Ropert - CppCon 2021} [online]. 2022 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dToaepIXW4s
\
[25] \tab STROUSTRUP, Bjarne. {\i{}The C++ Programming Language, 4th Edition}. 4th edition. Westport, Conn: Addison-Wesley Professional, 2013. ISBN\uc0\u160{}978-0-275-96730-7.
 \
[26] \tab TAUDUL, Bartosz. {\i{}Tracy Profiler: The user manual} [online]. 26.\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u345{}\uc0\u237{}jen\uc0\u160{}2022 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-02-06]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://github.com/wolfpld/tracy/releases/latest/download/tracy.pdf
\
[27] \tab STALLMAN, Richard, M. {\i{}Using the GNU Compiler Collection: For gcc version 12.2.0} [online]. B.m.: GNU Press. 2022 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://gcc.gnu.org/onlinedocs/gcc-12.2.0/gcc.pdf
\
[28] \tab MITCHELL, Brad. What Is Functional Programming and Why Use It? {\i{}Coding Dojo} [online]. 13.\uc0\u160{}\uc0\u269{}ervenec\uc0\u160{}2022 [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://www.codingdojo.com/blog/what-is-functional-programming
\
[29] \tab {\i{}What is Micro-benchmarking?} [online]. [vid.\uc0\u160{}2023-03-10]. Dostupn\uc0\u233{} z:\uc0\u160{}https://adservio.fr/post/what-is-microbenchmarking
\
}